Any thoughts on how Frontend engineers
can best use their time to prepare for
coding interviews?
For example, should we prioritize
projects, algorithms, or system design?
>> That's a difficult one cuz that depends
on who the programmer is, right?
If you're strong and algorithms you should
shore up your part of the game that's
united strong yet while also lean into
the party game you are strong yet, right?
So first it's just like,
yeah, MMA or something,
you're very weak at grappling, you should
probably be practicing your grappling
while you're keeping the parts
that you're strong at sharp.
So, that's how I view it, at least.
>> I know a lot of what you've been
talking about is in terms of self
sufficiency, applying for the jobs
yourself, putting the application in.
How do you feel about working with
external recruiters, for example?
>> I don't want to work
with external recruiters,
I wanna work with internal recruiters,
that's my goal.
My goal is not to work with
recruiters who are just,
because I asked a friend
of mine I was like, so
what makes the qualification for
external recruiter?
He's like a pulse,
that's all they need like they're you.
Usually called keys, they're usually
collegiate athletes who have a degree and
don't know where else to go so
they end up in tech recruiting.
That's all they need.
They don't know anything about tech, they
don't know the difference between Java and
JavaScript.
So you're trusting your career with
somebody who doesn't care about
your career and
it's just a game of luck for them.
So after he said that I was like,
okay, sounds like so
how do we judge our recruiters like,
when it comes to things and
he was like beyond a certain
external recruiters,
try to focus on the internal ones or
build a relationship, right?
You should always be building relationship
with a recruiter that stuff first thing
that I think a lot of people just go for
a recruiter and like, hey,
I just want whoever's
gonna help me find a job.
I know I want a recruiter to take
the time to get to know me in and out.
So when he hears of a job,
he's like I got a guy like that.
I already know, I was like,
we just had coffee like 2 days ago,
we play putt putt together.
What are you talking about?
I know exactly who is perfect for
that job.
We talk about the job market all the time,
right?
So, that's how I see it.
>> I had a recruiter with,
I went to a conference and
then talked to one guy who was like,
hire up in the company.
Then he hooked me up with this internal
recruiter who I worked with, but
they ended up feeling I didn't
have enough experience.
But you seem to keep in touch and
never know if that's kinda just a nice
keep in touch kind of deal or
>> Less they tell you there is a nice keep
in touch, keep in touch, everyone
the worst thing they can say is no.
And I know it's just gonna
get you to the closer yes.
Instead of you wondering, shoulda, woulda,
coulda, maybe now is
the time I can talk to them?
Is this the job that's gonna get away?
No, keep in touch, reach out,
hey, I've been practicing,
I've been learning,
I've gotten some new skills,
I would love to talk to you all about what
I've acquired over the last few months.
>> If you know they could also be having
the position that's one level down
that you are qualified for and
might not get the job you wanted but
they have something for you?
>> And we'll networking and
the informational interviews I have seen
on least two occasions where they
will change the rick of a job for
a person cuz they want the person so bad.
And like the person wasn't qualified for
that level, so
they lower the level of the job to make
sure that they could have the person.
So that is a thing that happens,
I have seen it twice.
>> When is an appropriate time to two or
three months kind of deal and
then just check into.
>> 90 days I would say that,
three months, 90 days.
All right, so if you wanna reach out to me
you can find me on @Jerome@vetswhocode.io,
send me your resume, send me anything
you need you want me to look at.
If you wanna set up a one-on-one with
me that's cool too, I'm very happy
to have done this and congratulations
everyone and let's go get paid.
>> [APPLAUSE]